[DOCS] Add release notes for 7.14 (#75873)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/release-notes/highlights.asciidoc

{ref}/eager-global-ordinals.html[global ordinals], which for high cardinality
fields could use a lot of heap memory as part of the
{ref}/modules-fielddata.html[field data cache].

[discrete]

> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The new {ref}/search-terms-enum.html[terms enum API] lets you discover index
terms that match a partial string. You can use the API for search
auto-completion.

[discrete]
[[automatic-geoip-updates]]

> === Automatic databases updates for geoip processor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Automatic database updates for the GeoIP processor
```

> GeoIP processor uses Maxmind GeoLite2 databases to provide data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GeoIP processor uses Maxmind GeoLite2 databases to provide data
```

about the geographical location of IP addresses. This data changes frequently as IP addresses get reused.

> In 7.14 we introduced a service that will automatically update these databases used so information is as accurate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 7.14, we introduced a service that automatically updates these databases so their information is as accurate
```

> as possible. It's enabled by default but its operation can be adjusted. See {ref}/geoip-processor.html[GeoIP processor]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as possible. The service is enabled by default, but its operation can be adjusted. See {ref}/geoip-processor.html[GeoIP processor]
```
